View partition documentation and update partition time templates (#5574)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/cloud-dedicated/admin/custom-partitions/view-partitions.md

Use the [`influxctl query` command](/influxdb/cloud-dedicated/reference/cli/influxctl/query/)
and SQL to query partition-related information from InfluxDB system tables.
 Provide the following:

- **Enable system tables** with the `--enable-system-tables` command flag.
- **Database token**: A [database token](/influxdb/cloud-dedicated/admin/tokens/#database-tokens)
  with read permissions on the specified database. Uses the `token` setting from
  the [`influxctl` connection profile](/influxdb/cloud-dedicated/reference/cli/influxctl/#configure-connection-profiles)
  or the `--token` command flag.
- **Database name**: The name of the database to query information about.
  Uses the `database` setting from the
  [`influxctl` connection profile](/influxdb/cloud-dedicated/reference/cli/influxctl/#configure-connection-profiles)
  or the `--database` command flag.
- **SQL query**: The SQL query to execute.
  Pass the query in one of the following ways:

  - a string on the command line
  - a path to a file that contains the query
  - a single dash (`-`) to read the query from stdin

{{% code-placeholders "DATABASE_(TOKEN|NAME)|SQL_QUERY" %}}

> <!--pytest.mark.skip-->

Reviewer: This test should work as-is, without any setup.

- [View the number of partitions per table](#view-the-number-of-partitions-per-table)
- [View the number of partitions for a specific table](#view-the-number-of-partitions-for-a-specific-table)

---

In the examples below, replace {{% code-placeholder-key %}}`TABLE_NAME`{{% /code-placeholder-key %}}
with the name of the table you want to query information about.

---

{{% code-placeholders "TABLE_NAME" %}}

### View partition templates of all tables

```sql
SELECT * FROM system.tables
```

#### Example results

| table_name | partition_template                                                                       |
| :--------- | :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| weather    | {"parts":[{"timeFormat":"%Y-%m-%d"},{"bucket":{"tagName":"location","numBuckets":250}}]} |
| home       | {"parts":[{"timeFormat":"%Y-%m-%d"},{"tagValue":"room"},{"tagValue":"sensor_id"}]}       |
| numbers    | {"parts":[{"timeFormat":"%Y"}]}                                                          |

{{% note %}}
If a table doesn't include a partition template in the output of this command,

> the tables uses the default partition strategy of one day and does not partition

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the tables uses the default (1 day) partition strategy and doesn't partition
```
